THIS IS FOR UPGRADING CRUNCHBANG Waldorf To BunsenLabs in lue of 
having to get rid of your CrunchBang with all of your files, and 
programs that you already have installed. 

The majority of this script was written by JohnRaff, I just seen
it's potentual then put it to use in using this script to
set the Debian / Crunchbang to an upgrade status so that the
rest of this script will do the rest of the work needed to
do in order to have BunsenLabs installed onto the system, keeping it
as close to a Crunchbang by a different name BunsenLabs as they keep in 
compete control of this process within the use of this script. 

Unless they make major changes to there script that this is just a copy of
then no real changes are needed to be made to this script.

Because the upgrading and installing of Jessie / openbox and BunsenLabs
process within this script has been written by JonhRaff and not I.  

This has just been modified enough to Upgrade from Waldorf to Jessie 
then to BunsenLabs Linux or what ever is current in their git repo. 

It has been set as an sub-aplha script by the owner and maintainer of 
BunsenLabs git, I have no control over this version control.

It is there work that they have done to make Crunchbang live on as best 
to there abilties. 

I will try to keep this script as close to there current one as possiable 
because this is just a working copy of there script to begin with. I only
added the abiltiy for it to upgrade a wheezy to Jessie then give up the
control to BunsenLabs to do the rest within the script that was written 
by BunsenLabs, for test purposes. 

Yet BunsenLabs does hold within there git repo a upgrade post install script
(at the writting of this file)
to take the existing test purposes only install then upgrade it to the lastest 
BunsenLabs meta packages, incase they update them in the future sence the 
time one has already installed there packages onto there system. 

In lue of having to run this script all over again making it a redundant 
process, a smaller faster script was written by them for the user to be used
for there BunsenLabs meta packages to be upgraded to the latest version,
as everything else that has already been upgrade and is maintained by Debain
Repos. 

This is for the ease to install any updates that they have done to anything 
that they have written so to keep the "end user" from having to go though the
entire procees again if they where to use the install script instead. 


                    ********** FURTHERMORE **********

This script is part of and in relastionship to BunsenLabs / netinstall script.
It is still in the testing phase of their work in hopes of
getting this out distribution out to the public. 

Therefore, the upgrading of your product to BunsenLabs is too 
now part of the same. Reguardless if they will support you in anything
that may or may not go wrong with your system after the installation of
this sub-alpha Installation / upgrade of their pre-production product. 

The stability of your system is now put into the same state
of stability that everything that has any effect on it that uses BunsenLabs to 
control said system and has to do with effecting the same said system is now
in the hands of the user of same said system.

I and the the owners and maintainers of same said pre-production product  
BunsenLabs holds no liability to any damage that may or has been done to your
system be it direct or indirectly caused by any software that holds or is
attached to the BunsenLabs "Logo" or anything affiliated with same said product.  

Liability falls to the owner of the same said system that has been effected,
because of the state that BunsenLabs is in. Which is a pre-production release
that is still in the testing phase of it's product. 

Therefore the end user of this script or JohnRaffs Script or anything remotely
connected to it that has to do with the BunsenLabs "Logo" and anything that is
associated with it takes full responsibility and all liability for any accured
damages that has or may have been caused by the use of this script, or the 
original script in which it came from. Be it monies or loss of data or anything 
attached to any damage whatsoever accured by the use of, or any part of this script
the sole liability falls to the owner of same effected system.

By the use of this script or any part of it is an agreement by the user of same said script
in its entirety or any part of it that the user of this same said script or any part of it
has read and understood the terms and conditions of this warnings of the use of said script
and any effects that may occure due to the using of test/experiential
software in connection to the orgainal software that makes up the entire operating system
that may or may not damage it in part or whole.
 
The user of said script in its entirety or any part of it takes full responsibility and all liability
of any kind. It falls directly onto the end user of said script or any part of it. Reguardless, 
if it is damage that is caused by this script or the experiential part of the software that has been 
installed by the use of this script or any part of it thereof.

This is a collection of files intended to install
an alpha version of BunsenLabs Linux
on a basic command-line-only Debian Jessie system,
TTY.

It will use the BunsenLabs repositories on GitHub
to build .deb files, put them in a locally created repository
and install them from there.

The exact content of those files will vary with time,
as will the likelihood of building a viable system.

WARNING: THIS INSTALLER IS FOR TESTING PURPOSES ONLY.
No support will be provided on the forums
for any problems that may occur, though bug reports are welcome!


THIS IS FOR UPGRADING CRUNCHBANG Waldorf TO BunsenLabs in lue of 
having to get rid of your CrunchBang with all of your files, and 
programs that you already have installed. 

It is an Upgrade from Waldorf to alpha version of BunsenLabs 
Linux or what ever is current in there git repo. 

This too can be ran from an NetInstall installation as well 
giving the user the same results. Alpha version of BunsenLabs 
Linux or what ever is current in there git repo. 

HOW TO USE

Boot into your Debian Netinstall cli system,
log in and run these commands, as a normal user:
(A fresh copy of this bunsenlabs-cb-upgrade-netinstall package will be downloaded.)

wget https://github.com/userx-bw/bunsenlabs-cb-upgrade/archive/master.tar.gz

tar -xpf master.tar.gz
cd bunsenlabs-cb-upgrade-master
./install-bl8a

The installation process will start.
Follow any prompts that appear on the screen.

There is also a script: upgrade-bunsen-packages
which can be run to upgrade the BunsenLabs packages
without having to reinstall the system.

A folder called .bunsen-netinstall-logs will be added to your home folder.
(The file ~/.bunsen-netinstall-logs/install.log will contain
verbose information about the install process.)
This folder may safely be removed if the installation was successful,
and no issues arose subsequently.

A folder /backup on your root file system will hold backups of
system files replaced during the install.

The script itself has been separated off from the files holding
specific data about the installation. This is intended to make
customization easier. It should not be necessary to edit "install".
Even if the script is upgraded in the future, the same config files
should still work.

FILES IN THIS COLLECTION

README: this file
LICENSE: a copy of the GPL3 license
install: the installation script
bunsen-upgrade-pkgs: script to upgrade the BunsenLabs packages
copyright: GNU licence statement
greeting: message to user
pkgs-recs: packages to install with recommends
pkgs-norecs: packages to install without recommends
extra_repos: repository(ies) to add to /etc/apt/sources.list
sysfiles1: system files to copy in before installing packages (mainly apt-related)
sysfiles2: system files to copy in after installing packages
preinstall_commands: commands to run before installing packages and files
postinstall_commands: commands to run after installing packages and files
github_install: commands to build .deb files and install them from a local repository
git2deb-bl: script to build .deb files from a git repository
config: sets some directory paths etc
bunsen-netinstall-logs: folder to copy into user's home directory
undo: an experimental script to attempt to return the system to the state it was in before running the install script

DEBIAN NETINSTALL HINTS

Installing Debian Jessie by the netinstall CD is
similar to using the standard installer.

Two points to watch if you want to use
this netinstall script afterwards:

1) At the "Set up users and passwords" screen,
do NOT enter a password for root.
Type nothing and press "continue".
Do this again at "Re-enter password to verify".
Enter your own name and password as normal.
You will then be given 'sudo' permissions,
which will be needed in the script.

2) At the "software selection" stage DESELECT EVERYTHING
except "standard system utilities".
You will have a core system only, on which
the netinstall installer will add what is needed.
(Some software items will be marked with an asterisk, indicating that
they have been preselected.
Use the up/down arrows to move, and the spacebar to toggle selection.)

The netinstall download and links to documentation can be found here:
http://www.debian.org/CD/netinst/
